Write Python app using streamlit to search and display all photos in a PG database 
called photoschat, defined by PGDATABASE.

The client is WINNIESACERPC, the server is MINI.

The UI will run on WINNIESACERPC, the PG database is on MINI. Both machines are
running Windows 11 and are connected via a 1Gbps ethernet link.

No deprecated libraries are to be used, only the latest versions, e.g. psycopg3

The environment is defined as follows:
1. ROOT_DIR is H:\claude. All source code will be stored here
2. SQL_DIR is ROOT_DIR\SQL
3. DOCS_DIR is ROOT_DIR\DOCS
4. PostgreSQL access is defined using the standard PG env variables:
	PGDATABASE, PGHOST, PGUSER, PGPASSORD
5. SOURCE_DIR is O:\Bilder and points to all photos in the database. Since the 
photos table contains the path to the photos, there is no need to reference it

All scripts are to have the prefix of cl_

The tables in the PGDATABASE are:
1. photo_faces which is to be used to find similar faces to those pasted into the UI
2. photo_objects contains simple descriptions of objects found in the pathname column
3. photos is the main table

The pathname column in all 3 tables is the unique key and will never be changed

The UI must offer the following functionality:
- 3 photos displayed per row, the number of rows to be specifiable
- the left hand side of the UI contains search input for
-- pathname, aperture, shutter_sppeed, ISO, focal_length, camera_model,
---  lens_model, created_at,  caption
-- free text search of the analysis_tags (tsvector) column
All input must be passed to the DB as ILIKE queries

The photo_faces table will be used to search for faces similar to those input
via paste or filename input by the user.

The photos displayed must be enabled for full-screen display with the pathname
displayed at the bottom of the photo.
A 'close' button must be displayed in the UI in order to close the connection cleanly.

Recommendations for a possible optimization of the database musg be provided, 
should there be any.

A requirements.txt must be generated.

Versions:
1. conda 26.1.1
2. Python 3.14.3 | packaged by Anaconda, Inc.
3. PostgreSQL 18.1
4. Windows  10.0.26200 N/A Build 26200

WINNIESACERPc has 4 cores and 32GB; MINI has 16 cores and 32GB


Provision should be made for the use of GIT including a .gitirnore file
